LLM Plugin config and device (#2488)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/llm_calculator.md

The calculator supports the following node_options for tuning the pipeline configuration:
-    required string models_path = 1;
-    optional uint64 max_num_batched_tokens = 2 [default = 256];

> -    optional uint64 cache_size = 3 [default = 4];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-    optional uint64 cache_size = 3 [default = 8];
```

-    optional uint64 block_size = 4 [default = 32];
-    optional uint64 max_num_seqs = 5 [default = 256];
-    optional bool dynamic_split_fuse = 7 [default = true];
-    optional string device = 8 [default = "CPU"]
-    optional string plugin_config = 9 [default = ""]

> It is important to set cache_size to bigger values for bigger models because the default value of 4GB is just used for simple testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value of `cache_size` might have performance  implications. It is used for storing LLM model KV cache data. Adjust it based on the model size and the expected level of concurrency. Set `50` or even more for high load with large models.
```
